let's see this hundred-dollar bill
look let's change this it's not like the
old hundred dollar bills like they get
this blueprint down here to make it
harder to to duplicate so you can
because P people are making counterfeit
money there so Nick it and all kinds of
ways there because people don't want to
work they just want to get money when
people try to cheat systems and all
different kinds of ways such as like
Jack heck the password into account you
know cheating and the athletic events to
do drugs but doing drugs to cheat in
athletic events you know telling lies to
doctors to get certain medications and
they tell you this this paper is gonna
be hard to duplicate look at that blue
thing right there there's there's no way
that would take a look a lot of time
yeah
currency has changed yeah yep
there used to be more copper and pennies
but there's not as much copper anymore
hand they don't make $2 bills anymore
and every part of the world has a
different currency yeah but I plan on
doing a video later that it's talking
about how many different ways there are
to make change for a dollar
I believe there's simply 293 ways in I'm
going to list all these ways but and I
here's that money you know it's the best
way to make it
this is through online that's yeah we
all want some of this this is like but
what sets us free here you know you know
we want to get that printed through a
machine and process it through that
machine so I can get this set free and
then you make making these through some
kind of it seems they set you free we
step have easily get put through his
skin or something like that was the set
free you know what
with money there's these three factors
there's there's who makes it the way
that they make it and where do they
spend it those those are the three basic
factors of how to make money
ya know we we have all wrong want a lot
of it and there's some kind of site that
for one dog bills that's like Shrek my
builders something like did